added addis
trying to delete addi: not found
trying to delete mflr: not found
added std
trying to delete stdu: not found
counted std
trying to delete mr: not found
added li
counted li
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted li
trying to delete bl: not found
added nop
counted addis
added mr
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted li
trying to delete ld: not found
added iselgt
added stw
added stb
trying to delete clrldi: not found
counted stw
added lwz
added addi
counted stw
counted stw
trying to delete li: deleted
counted mr
trying to delete bl: not found
counted nop
added std
added li
counted mr
added bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted mr
counted mr
added ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted std
trying to delete ld: not found
counted addi
added ld
added mtlr
trying to delete blr: not found
added nop
counted nop
counted addis
counted addi
added mflr
trying to delete std: deleted
added stdu
added std
counted mr
counted ld
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted ld
trying to delete bl: deleted
added nop
counted mr
added bl
counted nop
counted ld
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted ld
counted mtlr
added blr
trying to delete addis: deleted
added addi
trying to delete lbz: not found
added andi.
added bgt
added extsw
counted ld
added rldicr
trying to delete b: not found
added addis
counted ld
counted lwz
trying to delete cmplwi: not found
added beq-
added lwa
added xxlxor
added cmpwi
added bltlr
trying to delete ld: deleted
added mtctr
counted li
counted addi
added b
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
added nop
counted addi
added bdzlr
trying to delete lwzu: not found
added cmplw
trying to delete bne: not found
added ld
counted rldicr
added lxsdx
trying to delete blr: deleted
counted mflr
trying to delete std: deleted
counted stdu
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
added nop
counted nop
counted addis
counted addi
added lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted extsw
counted ld
counted rldicr
added stxsdx
added blr
counted lwa
trying to delete ld: deleted
added ld
counted rldicr
added stwx
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted lwz
counted addi
counted rldicr
added cmpw
counted stxsdx
trying to delete stw: deleted
added bltlr+
trying to delete mflr: deleted
added std
counted stdu
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
added nop
counted addis
counted addi
added mflr
counted std
trying to delete stdu: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted mr
counted mr
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted std
counted std
added li
trying to delete std: deleted
added std
counted std
counted std
counted std
added bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted addis
counted mr
counted cmpwi
counted li
counted ld
trying to delete iselgt: deleted
counted stb
trying to delete stw: not found
added stw
counted stw
counted stw
counted lwz
counted addi
counted stw
counted stw
counted li
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
added nop
trying to delete std: deleted
counted li
counted mr
added bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
added std
trying to delete li: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
added nop
counted mr
added li
counted mr
counted std
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted std
counted bl
counted nop
added mr
counted li
counted mr
counted std
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmpwi
counted std
trying to delete blt: not found
added clrldi
counted clrldi
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete li: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete stdu: not found
added li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
added addi
trying to delete stdu: not found
added cmpldi
trying to delete bne: not found
counted cmpwi
added blt
counted clrldi
counted clrldi
counted addi
counted addi
counted nop
counted li
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
added stdu
counted li
counted mr
added bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted addi
counted stdu
counted cmpldi
added bne
counted mr
trying to delete ld: deleted
added ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
added ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted addi
added ld
counted mtlr
counted blr
added nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted addis
counted addi
counted mflr
trying to delete std: deleted
counted stdu
trying to delete std: not found
counted mr
added std
counted std
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted ld
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted li
counted li
added nop
counted nop
added ldx
counted bl
counted nop
added lwa
counted addi
counted addi
added cmpd
counted ld
added blt
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted b
counted mr
trying to delete bl: not found
counted mr
trying to delete bl: not found
counted nop
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted addi
added ld
counted mtlr
counted blr
counted nop
counted addis
counted addi
counted mflr
counted std
counted stdu
counted lwz
counted cmpw
added ble-
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted cmpw
counted ble-
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted ld
added extsw
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted rldicr
counted stxsdx
counted addi
counted ld
counted mtlr
trying to delete blr: deleted
added xsabsdp
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addi
counted lxsdx
added fcmpu
trying to delete crnor: not found
counted blt
counted extsw
counted ld
added lwz
counted rldicr
trying to delete lwaux: not found
counted cmpw
added bge-
counted extsw
counted ld
counted rldicr
added lwzux
counted cmpw
trying to delete bge-: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
counted rldicr
trying to delete ldx: deleted
counted stwx
counted ld
added ori
counted lwz
counted addi
trying to delete stw: deleted
counted ld
counted ori
counted lwa
trying to delete ldx: not found
counted rldicr
counted stwx
counted ld
added ldx
counted lwa
trying to delete ldx: deleted
added stfdux
counted rldicr
added stdx
counted ori
counted ld
added lwzx
counted addi
trying to delete stwx: deleted
counted addi
counted ld
counted mtlr
trying to delete blr: not found
added addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
trying to delete bl: not found
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
added bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted addis
trying to delete addis: deleted
added addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
added nop
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
added addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lbz
counted andi.
counted bgt
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted ld
counted rldicr
added ldx
added extsw
counted rldicr
trying to delete b: deleted
counted extsw
counted ld
counted xxlxor
counted rldicr
added lwax
counted cmpwi
counted bltlr
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted mtctr
trying to delete li: deleted
counted addi
trying to delete b: not found
added nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted addi
counted bdzlr
added lwzu
counted cmplw
counted bne
added ld
counted rldicr
counted ldx
counted lxsdx
added blr
added nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
added nop
added addis
counted addi
counted mflr
counted std
counted stdu
counted std
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted lwz
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted ld
counted blt
added li
counted li
counted nop
counted ldx
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwa
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete cmpd: deleted
counted ld
counted blt
counted bl
added nop
added mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted ld
counted mtlr
counted blr
counted addis
counted addi
counted mflr
trying to delete std: deleted
counted stdu
trying to delete std: not found
added std
counted mr
counted addis
counted std
counted std
counted addi
counted mr
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
added stfd
trying to delete bl: not found
counted nop
counted mr
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted addis
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted mr
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
added bl
added addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted ld
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted mr
counted ld
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete addi: not found
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwz
trying to delete li: deleted
added addi
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
added extsw
counted mr
trying to delete li: not found
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwz
counted mr
added li
added add
counted extsw
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted mr
counted add
counted li
counted extsw
trying to delete bl: not found
counted nop
added cmpwi
counted mr
counted blt
counted addis
trying to delete li: deleted
counted mr
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
added bl
counted nop
trying to delete lwa: deleted
added addi
counted addi
added cmpd
counted blt
counted lwz
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted blt
counted addis
added li
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted add
trying to delete li: deleted
counted extsw
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted rldicr
counted mr
added cmpwi
added stdux
counted blt
counted mr
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted lwz
counted cmpwi
counted blt
added li
counted li
counted ld
counted mr
counted add
trying to delete mr: deleted
added bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
added lwa
added addi
counted addi
trying to delete cmpd: deleted
counted blt
counted lwz
counted addi
counted extsw
added cmpd
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted cmpwi
added blt
counted li
added mr
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
added mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
added nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted mr
added bl
counted nop
counted xxlxor
counted addis
trying to delete li: deleted
added li
counted mr
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted ld
added mr
counted li
counted lwa
added fmr
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted lwz
counted bl
counted addis
added mfvsrd
added stw
counted ld
counted addis
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted mr
counted mr
added lwa
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwa
counted cmpwi
counted blt
added addi
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted clrldi
added bge
counted xxlxor
added cmpldi
counted bne
added b
counted addi
trying to delete xxlxor: deleted
counted addi
counted li
counted li
counted li
added subf
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete rldicl: not found
counted addi
counted addi
counted mtctr
counted li
counted nop
counted nop
added lfdu
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lfdu
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
added xsmuldp
counted lxsdx
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
added lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
added lxsdx
counted xsmuldp
counted lxsdx
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
added lxsdx
counted lxsdx
added xsadddp
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete xsadddp: deleted
counted xsmuldp
added xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted xsmuldp
trying to delete xsadddp: deleted
added xsadddp
added bdnz
counted cmpldi
trying to delete beq: not found
counted rldicr
counted mtctr
added addi
counted add
counted add
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
added nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lfdu
counted lfdu
counted xsmuldp
counted xsadddp
counted bdnz
counted fmr
counted mfvsrd
counted mr
counted mr
counted lwa
counted bl
added nop
counted lwz
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted blt
counted addis
counted addi
counted li
counted addi
counted nop
counted lfdu
counted extsw
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted lwa
counted mfvsrd
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
added mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete lwz: deleted
added cmpwi
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted addi
counted li
added ldu
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted cmpd
added blt
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
added mr
counted bl
added nop
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
added mr
counted bl
added nop
added lfd
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
added ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted ld
counted mtlr
counted blr
counted addis
counted addi
trying to delete mflr: deleted
counted std
counted stdu
counted addis
trying to delete std: deleted
counted mr
trying to delete addis: deleted
added std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
added mr
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted cmpldi
added beq
trying to delete addis: not found
counted li
counted addi
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted bne
added addis
counted addis
trying to delete addi: deleted
added addi
counted li
added bl
counted addis
counted addi
counted addis
counted mr
counted addi
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted li
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addi
added addis
counted extsw
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted ld
counted std
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
trying to delete ld: deleted
added mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted li
counted mr
counted mr
added bl
counted nop
added ld
trying to delete li: deleted
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
added li
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
added nop
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted mr
added lwz
added cmplwi
counted beq
trying to delete mr: deleted
added bl
counted nop
counted li
added mr
added sthux
counted stb
counted ori
counted lwa
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted stw
counted addis
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted mr
counted ld
counted addi
counted ld
added bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
added addis
counted li
counted ld
counted stw
counted li
trying to delete bl: deleted
added nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted addis
counted addi
added mflr
trying to delete std: deleted
counted stdu
added std
counted addis
counted std
counted mr
trying to delete li: deleted
counted ld
counted lwz
added bl
counted stw
counted ld
counted ld
counted addi
counted ld
counted mtlr
counted blr
counted nop
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted addi
counted mflr
counted std
trying to delete stdu: deleted
added addis
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
added std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
counted stfd
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted addis
counted mr
added addi
counted addi
trying to delete mr: deleted
added mr
added bl
counted nop
counted addi
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwz
trying to delete cmplwi: deleted
added bne-
trying to delete lwa: deleted
added li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
added mr
counted addi
added li
trying to delete extsw: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted mr
counted li
counted mr
counted addi
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
added lwa
counted addi
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
trying to delete lwz: deleted
counted cmpwi
counted blt
counted addis
trying to delete li: deleted
added li
added xxlxor
added addi
counted addi
counted li
trying to delete addi: deleted
added addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted rldicr
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
added lwz
counted li
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete extsw: not found
added bl
counted nop
added stdu
counted mr
counted mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
added mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
added lxsdx
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
added xssubdp
counted xssubdp
added xsdivdp
counted xsmuldp
counted xssubdp
counted fcmpu
counted fcmpu
added cror
counted bge
added xsnegdp
counted ld
counted stxsdx
added std
counted b
counted nop
counted nop
counted xsnegdp
counted ld
trying to delete std: deleted
counted stxsdx
trying to delete lwa: deleted
counted addi
counted stxsdx
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
counted lxsdx
trying to delete li: deleted
added li
counted mr
counted mr
counted mr
counted ld
counted mr
counted li
trying to delete lwa: not found
added lwa
counted lwz
counted bl
counted addis
counted li
counted li
counted stw
counted stxsdx
counted addi
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted addis
counted lxsdx
counted ld
counted addis
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted mfvsrd
counted lwa
added bl
counted nop
counted lwz
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
counted blt
counted addis
added addi
counted addi
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete lfdu: deleted
added extsw
counted mr
counted lwa
counted mfvsrd
counted bl
counted nop
counted lwa
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted lwz
trying to delete cmpwi: not found
counted blt
counted addi
counted li
trying to delete nop: deleted
added nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted ldu
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted lwa
counted addi
counted cmpd
counted blt
counted mr
trying to delete bl: deleted
added nop
trying to delete mr: deleted
added bl
counted nop
added mr
counted bl
counted nop
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted bl
counted nop
counted lfd
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
added ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted ld
counted mtlr
counted blr
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
added addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted li
counted bl
counted nop
counted nop
counted nop
counted addis
counted addi
added mfcr
trying to delete mflr: deleted
added std
trying to delete stw: deleted
counted stdu
counted std
counted li
trying to delete stfd: deleted
counted fmr
counted std
counted li
counted std
counted std
trying to delete li: deleted
added li
trying to delete li: deleted
added stxvd2x
added mr
counted addis
counted std
added li
trying to delete std: deleted
counted ld
added std
counted std
trying to delete li: deleted
added li
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted std
counted std
added mr
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted lwz
counted std
counted std
counted addi
counted std
counted std
added cmplwi
counted std
counted std
counted std
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
added std
trying to delete std: deleted
added std
counted stxvd2x
added mr
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
counted mr
counted add
counted mr
counted std
added stfd
counted std
counted std
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted stfd
counted stfd
added stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted bgt
counted addis
counted clrldi
counted ld
added rldicr
counted lwax
counted add
counted mtctr
added bctr
counted extsw
counted li
counted li
counted mr
added stw
trying to delete bl: deleted
counted nop
counted std
counted addi
counted li
counted extsw
trying to delete std: deleted
added bl
counted nop
added cmpwi
added std
counted std
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted cmplwi
counted clrldi
added blt
added lis
counted std
counted std
counted ori
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
added oris
counted ori
added mulhdu
added rotldi
added rldicl
added rldic
added mulli
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted rldicl
added cmpldi
added lvx
counted addi
counted clrldi
counted beq
added vspltisw
trying to delete addis: deleted
added addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted vspltisw
counted addis
counted addi
counted vspltisw
counted vspltisw
trying to delete addis: deleted
added addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted vspltisw
counted lvx
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addis
counted addis
added vslw
trying to delete lvx: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted addis
trying to delete addis: deleted
added addis
trying to delete addi: deleted
added addi
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
added addi
added lvx
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted lvx
added vadduwm
counted lvx
counted lvx
trying to delete lvx: deleted
added lvx
counted vadduwm
counted subf
trying to delete lvx: deleted
added lvx
trying to delete lvx: deleted
added lvx
counted vadduwm
added addi
counted lvx
counted vadduwm
trying to delete li: deleted
added li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
added li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
added li
trying to delete nop: deleted
added nop
counted nop
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted cmpldi
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vadduwm
added xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
added xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
added xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
added xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
added xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
added stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
added stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
added stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
added stxvd2x
added addi
counted bne
counted b
counted addi
counted li
counted extsw
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted addis
trying to delete ld: deleted
counted li
counted std
added mr
counted bl
counted nop
counted std
counted li
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted std
counted std
counted bl
trying to delete nop: deleted
added mr
counted cmpwi
counted std
counted blt
counted cmplwi
counted clrldi
counted li
counted blt
counted lis
counted addis
counted std
counted ori
added rldicr
trying to delete oris: deleted
counted ori
counted mulhdu
counted rotldi
trying to delete rldicl: deleted
counted rldic
counted mulli
counted addi
added rldicl
counted cmpldi
trying to delete addi: deleted
added addi
trying to delete lvx: deleted
counted clrldi
counted std
counted beq
trying to delete vspltisw: deleted
counted addis
counted addi
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete addis: deleted
added addis
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted subf
added addi
added vspltisw
counted vspltisw
counted addis
trying to delete addis: deleted
added addis
counted vspltisw
counted vspltisw
added lvx
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addis
trying to delete vslw: deleted
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted lvx
counted addi
counted addi
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lvx
counted addi
counted addi
counted lvx
counted addi
trying to delete lvx: deleted
added lvx
counted lvx
counted vadduwm
counted lvx
counted lvx
trying to delete lvx: deleted
added lvx
counted vadduwm
counted addi
trying to delete lvx: deleted
added lvx
trying to delete lvx: deleted
added lvx
counted vadduwm
counted li
counted lvx
counted vadduwm
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
added li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted vadduwm
counted cmpldi
counted vadduwm
added xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
added xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vadduwm
added xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
added xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
added xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
trying to delete vadduwm: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
added stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
added stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted addi
counted bne
counted b
counted addi
trying to delete std: deleted
added li
counted extsw
counted mr
counted bl
added nop
trying to delete mr: deleted
counted cmpwi
added std
counted blt
trying to delete cmplwi: deleted
counted clrldi
trying to delete li: deleted
counted blt
counted lis
counted addis
counted std
counted ori
counted addi
counted rldicr
counted lvx
added oris
counted ori
counted mulhdu
trying to delete rotldi: deleted
counted rldicl
counted rldic
counted mulli
counted addi
counted cmpldi
counted rldicl
counted addi
counted clrldi
counted std
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted vspltisw
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
counted subf
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted vspltisw
counted lvx
added addi
counted vspltisw
trying to delete vspltisw: deleted
counted lvx
counted addi
counted addis
counted addis
added vslw
added vspltisw
counted lvx
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted lvx
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
added addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lvx
counted addi
counted addi
counted lvx
counted addi
counted lvx
counted lvx
trying to delete lvx: deleted
added lvx
counted lvx
added vadduwm
added li
counted lvx
trying to delete lvx: deleted
added lvx
counted lvx
counted vadduwm
trying to delete li: deleted
counted lvx
trying to delete vadduwm: deleted
added li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
added vadduwm
trying to delete li: not found
added li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
added li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted nop
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted cmpldi
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
added xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
added xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vadduwm
added xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
added stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
added stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete addi: not found
counted bne
counted b
added addi
counted li
counted extsw
trying to delete mr: not found
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmpwi
counted std
counted blt
added cmplwi
counted clrldi
trying to delete li: deleted
counted blt
counted lis
counted addis
counted std
counted std
trying to delete ori: deleted
counted rldicr
counted oris
added ori
trying to delete mulhdu: deleted
added rotldi
trying to delete rldicl: deleted
counted rldic
counted mulli
counted addi
trying to delete rldicl: not found
counted cmpldi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lvx
counted clrldi
counted std
added beq
trying to delete vspltisw: deleted
counted addis
counted addi
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete addis: deleted
added addis
counted addi
counted subf
counted addi
added vspltisw
counted vspltisw
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete vspltisw: deleted
added vspltisw
trying to delete lvx: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addis
counted vslw
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete lvx: not found
counted addi
counted addi
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted addi
added ld
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
added lvx
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted lvx
added addi
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted vadduwm
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted lvx
trying to delete vadduwm: deleted
counted addi
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted lvx
trying to delete vadduwm: not found
added li
counted lvx
counted lvx
added vadduwm
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
added li
trying to delete li: deleted
added li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
added li
trying to delete li: deleted
added li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted nop
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted addi
counted addi
counted vadduwm
counted cmpldi
counted vadduwm
added xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vadduwm
added xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vadduwm
added xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
added xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vadduwm
added xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
added stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
added stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted addi
counted bne
counted b
counted addi
counted li
counted extsw
trying to delete std: deleted
counted bl
counted nop
counted cmpwi
added std
counted std
counted blt
counted ld
counted li
counted cmplwi
counted clrldi
counted blt
counted lis
counted ori
counted rldicr
counted oris
counted ori
added mulhdu
counted rotldi
added rldicl
counted rldic
counted mulli
counted addis
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted rldicl
counted lvx
counted cmpldi
trying to delete addi: not found
counted clrldi
counted beq
counted vspltisw
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete addis: deleted
added addis
counted addis
counted vspltisw
counted addis
added addi
counted vspltisw
counted vspltisw
trying to delete addis: deleted
added addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted vspltisw
counted lvx
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addis
counted addi
counted vslw
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete lvx: deleted
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete addi: not found
added addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
added lvx
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
added addi
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted vadduwm
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted vadduwm
counted subf
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted lvx
trying to delete lvx: deleted
counted vadduwm
trying to delete li: deleted
added lvx
counted vadduwm
added li
trying to delete li: deleted
added li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
added li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
added li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
added li
counted nop
counted nop
trying to delete nop: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted addi
counted addi
counted vadduwm
counted cmpldi
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vadduwm
added xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
added xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vadduwm
added xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
trying to delete vadduwm: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
added stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
added stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
added stxvd2x
counted addi
counted bne
counted b
counted li
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted li
counted addi
counted std
trying to delete std: deleted
added std
trying to delete std: deleted
added std
counted std
counted stw
counted stw
counted stxsdx
trying to delete bne: deleted
counted addi
counted li
counted extsw
trying to delete bl: deleted
added nop
added mr
counted cmpwi
counted std
counted blt
trying to delete cmplwi: deleted
counted clrldi
counted li
counted blt
counted lis
counted addis
counted std
counted std
counted ori
counted rldicr
counted oris
counted ori
trying to delete mulhdu: deleted
counted rotldi
counted rldicl
counted rldic
counted mulli
counted addi
trying to delete rldicl: deleted
added cmpldi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lvx
counted clrldi
trying to delete std: deleted
counted beq
counted vspltisw
counted addis
counted addi
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted addi
counted subf
counted addi
counted vspltisw
trying to delete vspltisw: deleted
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete vspltisw: not found
added vspltisw
counted lvx
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted addis
counted vslw
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
counted lvx
added addi
counted addi
counted addis
counted addis
counted addis
trying to delete addi: deleted
added addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted addi
counted lvx
counted addi
counted addi
trying to delete lvx: deleted
counted addi
added lvx
counted lvx
counted lvx
added vadduwm
trying to delete lvx: deleted
added lvx
counted lvx
counted lvx
trying to delete vadduwm: deleted
counted addi
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted lvx
added vadduwm
counted li
counted lvx
counted vadduwm
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete li: deleted
added li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted li
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted addi
counted addi
counted vadduwm
counted cmpldi
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
added xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
added xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
added xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
added xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: not found
counted vadduwm
added xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
added xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
added stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted stxvd2x
counted addi
added bne
counted b
counted li
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
added ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
added ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted subf
counted beq
counted vspltisw
counted vspltisw
counted addis
counted addis
counted rldicr
counted li
counted li
counted li
trying to delete vspltisw: deleted
added vspltisw
counted addi
counted addi
counted vspltisw
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted addis
trying to delete addis: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted addi
trying to delete addi: deleted
counted vadduwm
counted lvx
counted lvx
counted li
counted li
counted vadduwm
counted stxvd2x
counted add
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete vadduwm: deleted
counted xxswapd
added vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted vadduwm
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
trying to delete vadduwm: deleted
counted xxswapd
added vadduwm
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted vadduwm
counted stxvd2x
counted li
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
added stxvd2x
trying to delete li: deleted
counted xxswapd
counted xxswapd
counted stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: deleted
added li
added stxvd2x
added stxvd2x
added li
added stxvd2x
added stxvd2x
counted cmpldi
trying to delete beq: deleted
counted rldicr
counted subf
counted add
counted mtctr
added addi
trying to delete nop: deleted
added stwu
added addi
counted bdnz
added li
added li
trying to delete bl: not found
added nop
counted ld
counted mr
trying to delete li: not found
counted stw
trying to delete mr: deleted
added bl
added nop
added mr
trying to delete li: not found
added li
added std
added bl
added nop
added mr
trying to delete li: not found
added mr
counted stw
added bl
added nop
added mr
added li
added li
trying to delete std: not found
added std
added bl
added nop
trying to delete mr: not found
added li
trying to delete mr: not found
counted stw
added bl
added nop
added std
added li
trying to delete li: not found
added bl
added nop
counted extsw
added mr
added li
added mr
counted stw
added bl
added nop
trying to delete cmpwi: deleted
added std
trying to delete std: not found
added std
counted blt
counted extsw
added mr
counted rldicr
added mr
added mr
added bl
added nop
trying to delete mr: not found
added mr
added mr
added bl
added nop
added cmpwi
added cmpwi
added li
trying to delete std: not found
added std
counted blt
counted ld
trying to delete rldicr: deleted
added mr
added mr
added bl
added nop
added beq
added addis
added addi
added addi
counted ld
counted cmpldi
counted lwz
added cmplwi
counted clrldi
trying to delete beq: not found
counted bge
added li
added li
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted b
counted ld
counted b
counted bge
trying to delete li: not found
added li
counted cmpldi
counted bne
counted b
added li
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
counted ld
trying to delete ld: deleted
added ld
trying to delete cmpldi: deleted
counted subf
added beq
counted vspltisw
counted vspltisw
added addis
trying to delete addis: not found
added rldicr
added li
added li
trying to delete li: not found
counted vspltisw
trying to delete vspltisw: deleted
added addi
added addi
added vspltisw
counted lvx
counted lvx
added addis
added addis
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
added addi
added addi
counted vadduwm
counted lvx
counted lvx
added li
trying to delete li: not found
counted vadduwm
added stxvd2x
counted add
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
counted vadduwm
added stxvd2x
trying to delete li: not found
counted vadduwm
counted xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete xxswapd: deleted
counted vadduwm
added xxswapd
counted vadduwm
added xxswapd
counted vadduwm
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
added li
counted vadduwm
added stxvd2x
added li
added xxswapd
added xxswapd
added stxvd2x
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
added li
added xxswapd
added xxswapd
added stxvd2x
added stxvd2x
trying to delete li: not found
added stxvd2x
added stxvd2x
added li
trying to delete stxvd2x: not found
added stxvd2x
added cmpldi
added beq
added rldicr
counted subf
counted add
added mtctr
added addi
added stwu
added addi
counted bdnz
added li
added mr
added bl
added nop
added cmpwi
added mr
trying to delete blt: deleted
counted rldic
added mr
added mr
added bl
added nop
added cmpwi
added cmpwi
trying to delete li: not found
added std
added blt
added clrldi
added addi
added cmpldi
added addi
added clrlwi
counted bge
added li
trying to delete li: not found
added cmplwi
counted bne
counted b
counted subf
added addi
trying to delete li: not found
added li
added li
added li
added li
added nop
trying to delete nop: not found
counted extsw
added lfdu
added rldicr
counted lxsdx
added addi
counted lxsdx
counted lxsdx
trying to delete lxsdx: deleted
added xscmpudp
added isellt
counted extsw
added rldicr
added lxsdx
added xscmpudp
added isellt
added addi
counted extsw
trying to delete rldicr: not